# The-Gaming-Room

**1. Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?**
My client is Gaming Room, and they wanted an game application called Draw It or Lose It. The application follows very similar to the 1980s television game; Win, Lose or Draw. Using render images from a large library of stocks as clues, the players must guess the puzzle (a phrase, title or thing) within 30 seconds before given to the other remaining teams a chance to guess the puzzle within 15 seconds. Their requirement was to have the application support multiple teams and player, create a system that gives unique identifications for games, team and players, have each round be time-based with dynamic image rendering and have a mechanism for guessing and answers are met with strict time limits.
**2. What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?**
Definintely identifying the requirements and the design constraints
**3. What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?**
The UML Diagram is a very crucial when I was developing the codes. Even though the diagram doesn't exactly show what to do, it does become like a checklist for each components of the codes that I'm creating. 
**4. If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?**
Definitely the Recommendation section. While I do have an extensive knowledge of how Window operating system works, my information alone wasn't enough to explain in details each topics that were requested. I came across plenty of educational resources to help support my information, and the resources even provide more options in each topics. Even though this is an example software design scenario, it shows that I have a lot to learn before I deal with this in real life
**5. How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?**
It is my best interest to provide exceptional result to my client, and to do that, I must meet their needs or requirements. This needs will help me understand what areas to focus when building the application, as well as creates some sort of checklist that shows the progress before presenting to the client
**6. How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?**
I will bascially breakdown the information given by the client, and bulletpoint the requirements. After finding the design constraints, I find possible solutions that I will discuss with the client. Futhermore, if the client has any starter codes to the application of interest or an UML Diagram, I will ultize them to help construct the codes to can sastify the client needs. I will talk to my client about the different kind of operating platform that can choose to launch the application in, stating both the advantages and disvantages of each one. After finialzing the operating platform and codes, the client will review the software design document, along with the fully optimized application to ensure it meet their needs.
